hello ladies Jenna this is a report of
the link here so let it be known that it
was never my intention to make a video
this evening maybe if your W but not not
any sort of video so something happened
to spark the production production and
creation of this set video this is a
follow-up to the review put up last
night I'm looking at right now pop-tarts
chocolate strawberry run on an empty
review it seems the merchandise is right
here pop-tarts chocolate strawberry with
the packs well something happened and it
was such they've had such a profound
impact on me that I realized I have to
talk about this so whose last night
you know I filmed the review I put it
out and in the package I had one more
pop-tart left an extra pop-tart
I didn't want to seal it back up didn't
want to put it back in the fridge or
anything like that or in some sort of
plastic bag so there are four I am 4:30
a.m. I went outside with this pop-tart
and you know I wanted to dispose of it I
really didn't know what to do though so
I broke it in half
of course break it in half and the toss
of New York
no just went into the side yard kind of
towards the back just just toss it just
do it I mean I don't think anything of
it I want to get rid of it wanted to
kind of recycle it per say give it give
it back to the preachers outside someone
who would enjoy it so I tossed it in New
York no big deal right you know
nothing's gonna happen anything well
next morning wake up a little earlier
like 9:10 a.m. and I go to the window
glad it's over what do I see
I literally see five turkeys yes five
wild turkeys for adult turkeys and one
baby turkey and please don't don't ask
how how that baby turkey entered the
world just just don't ask it wasn't
because of me all right just just don't
bring that up
but anyways five turkeys in total four
adults and one baby baby and they were
literally clustered around this pop-tart
snacking away I even saw one turkey
literally with an entire half of it in
its beak so I was taken aback by this
I thought these wild turkeys come out of
nowhere the next morning just to eat
this pop-tart and only this part I know
turkeys are you know foraging creatures
and they like their variations and food
but they were only only eating this
pop-tart so that made me think and I sat
down for a while sat down on the sofa
and they call it the Otto mine true man
that that's over there
I lost the satyr for good three hours or
so now that was kind of staring it at
the computer and into this this room
here and I'm just thinking you know
that's pretty insane these turkeys
ventured here just to eat that pop-tart
that made me think these pop-tarts may
not be popular in just the human
community so the mayor announced you wal
that I personally believe based on fact
as observed in nature this morning prior
that these pop-tarts frosted chocolaty
strawberry
baked with real fruit maybe it's the
real fruit that did it naturally an
artificially flavored limited-edition
are popular among turkeys incredible
right
the review bra did you just waste my
time well that's if you want to call it
then maybe I did but I think this is
important fact to be honest I believe I
believe so I thought it was worthy of a
video turkeys they enjoyed it they
thoroughly enjoyed it they clean they
clean it up you know I went I went out
there later that day there was not no no
remains or anything left I mean they
take this they took care of things you
know so I just thought to be a crucial I
thought to be a disservice to every
community out there the wildlife
community the out down to a wild turkey
community the pop-tarts community every
everyone and everything living in this
universe thought I'd be doing it to
service to them by not uploading this so
yeah we are and uh now you've been
enlightened done you know that wild
turkeys enjoy these pop-tarts so uh you
know start feed them up so I feeding
them up and uh you know come come
Thanksgiving you'll get some some try
meetings as they say that is all this is
report of the week